MIG-1744: Release Notes MTC 1.8.8 (#94717)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-8.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/mtc-release-notes-1-7.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-mtc-release-notes-1-8-8_{context}"]
= {mtc-full} 1.8.8 release notes

[id="resolved-issues-1-8-8_{context}"]
== Resolved issues

{mtc-first} 1.8.8 has the following major resolved issues:

> The detection of whether storage live migration is enabled is broken.

Author: ```suggestion
.The detection of whether storage live migration is enabled is broken
```

> There was an error in detecting whether storage live migration was enabled or not. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1746[(MIG-1746)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There was an error in detecting the status of storage live migration. This update resolves the issue.
link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MIG-1746[(MIG-1746)]
```
